feat(sbb-link-list-anchor): initial implementation (#2987)
sbb-design-systems/lyne-components: src/elements/link-list-anchor/readme.md

> The `sbb-link-list-anchor` is a component that can be used to collect and display more [sbb-block-link](/docs/elements-sbb-link-sbb-block-link--docs).

Reviewer: or similiar
```suggestion
The `sbb-link-list-anchor` is a component that can be used to collect and display a couple of [sbb-block-link](/docs/elements-sbb-link-sbb-block-link--docs).
```

Author: I suggest (I also don't like 'more' and 'a couple' seems a bit too imprecise)
"The `sbb-link-list-anchor` is a component that can be used to collect and display [sbb-block-link](/docs/elements-sbb-link-sbb-block-link--docs)."

Reviewer: Also ok for me :)
